[SPARK-56984][DOCS] Document the SQL PATH feature (#56040)
apache/spark: docs/sql-migration-guide.md

- Since Spark 4.2, `CREATE TEMPORARY VIEW`, `CREATE TEMPORARY FUNCTION`, and the corresponding `DROP` statements accept the `session` and `system.session` qualifiers on the object name (in addition to the previously supported unqualified form); for example, `CREATE TEMPORARY VIEW system.session.v AS ...` and `DROP TEMPORARY FUNCTION session.f` are now valid. Any other qualifier on a temporary object is rejected with `INVALID_TEMP_OBJ_QUALIFIER`.

> - Spark 4.2 introduces the SQL standard `PATH` feature: the `SET PATH` statement, the `current_path()` function, the path-based resolution of unqualified routines / tables / views, and the configurations `spark.sql.path.enabled` (default `false`) and `spark.sql.defaultPath`. The feature is opt-in; when `spark.sql.path.enabled` is `false`, unqualified resolution falls back to a fixed default path and `SET PATH` is rejected with `UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE.SET_PATH_WHEN_DISABLED`. See [SET PATH](sql-ref-syntax-aux-conf-mgmt-set-path.html) and [Name Resolution](sql-ref-name-resolution.html).

Reviewer: Two small things on this bullet:

1. It lists "unqualified routines / tables / views" but omits session variables, even though the SET PATH page documents them as a PATH consumer and `SetPathSuite` has a dedicated test ("unqualified SET VAR follows PATH").
2. Stylistic: every other bullet in the 4.2 section opens with "Since Spark 4.2,"; this one opens with "Spark 4.2 introduces...".

```suggestion
- Since Spark 4.2, the SQL standard `PATH` feature is available: the `SET PATH` statement, the `current_path()` function, path-based resolution of unqualified routines, tables, views, and session variables, and the configurations `spark.sql.path.enabled` (default `false`) and `spark.sql.defaultPath`. The feature is opt-in; when `spark.sql.path.enabled` is `false`, unqualified resolution falls back to a fixed default path and `SET PATH` is rejected with `UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE.SET_PATH_WHEN_DISABLED`. See [SET PATH](sql-ref-syntax-aux-conf-mgmt-set-path.html) and [Name Resolution](sql-ref-name-resolution.html).
```

Author: Both fixed in d04ce7afb90 — added session variables to the PATH-consumer list and re-opened the bullet with "Since Spark 4.2," to match the other entries in the section.
